182031 limitation document (#96)
access-company/antikythera: doc_src/gear_developers/limitation.md

# Limitation

> There are certain limitations in Antiktyera.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are certain limitations in Antikythera.
```

Author: I fixed in fa2d1e2e1b7a15428bbdf2bb4383356b46f4f95c

> We introduce some main limitations. But all limitations are not described here. Please also read other parts of the document when you implement gear.

Reviewer: Is my understanding correct?

```suggestion
We introduce some major limitations here. But this does not cover all the limitations of Antikythera. Please also read other parts of the documentation when you implement gear.
```

Author: Yes, it is.

Author: I fixed in 5611bc2eaeb9489572dfe9b50ac45127f5d06969

> * There is an upper limit of the execution time of web/g2g request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* There is an upper limit of the execution time of web/g2g request.
```

Author: I agree on it.

Author: I fixed in 2b732f861c322c0128675ac8847d6e2707104592

  * Please refer [here](https://hexdocs.pm/antikythera/development_environment.html#environment-variables-to-tweak-behavior-of-antikythera)
* There is an upper limit of the execution time of `AsyncJob`.
  * `AsyncJob` has other limitations too. Please refer [here](https://hexdocs.pm/antikythera/Antikythera.AsyncJob.html#module-registering-jobs)
* There is an upper limit of heap size which a process can use.
  * Please refer [here](https://hexdocs.pm/antikythera/development_environment.html#environment-variables-to-tweak-behavior-of-antikythera)

>   * If the size of the heap used by process exceeds the upper limitation, an error log is written.( ex: `xxx killed`)

Reviewer: (just my preference)

```suggestion
  * If the size of the heap used by process exceeds the upper limitation, an error log is written (e.g. `xxx killed`).
```

Author: I fixed in 7c54dd4827c67c08f0279a598dc29811ec6a0f69

>   * If the size of the heap used by process exceeds the upper limitation, an error log is written.( ex: `xxx killed`)

Reviewer 2: **I think** nouns are better than sentences.

---

* Execution time of web/g2g request
    * Please refer here
* Execution time of AsyncJob
    * AsyncJob has other limitations too. Please refer here
* Heap size which a process can use
    * Please refer here
    * If the size of the heap used by process exceeds the upper limitation, an error log is written.( ex: xxx killed)

Author: I think so, too.
I fixed in 7c54dd4827c67c08f0279a598dc29811ec6a0f69

>   * If the size of the heap used by process exceeds the upper limitation, an error log is written.( ex: `xxx killed`)

Reviewer 2: How about the following sentence? I think it's clearer. (Please point out if the grammar is unnatural.)
> When a process uses more memory than the limit, Antikythera kills the process

Author: Thank you for your suggestion.
I fixed in db5eeed34b3dc6a590c37ea9fda16adc5af92943
